Add additional submenus and driver distraction limits documentation (#217)
smartdevicelink/sdl_hmi_integration_guidelines: docs/Common/Structs/index.md

|pixelPerInch|Float|false|minvalue: 0|PPI is the diagonal resolution in pixels divided by the diagonal screen size in inches.|
|scale|Float|false|minvalue: 1<br>maxvalue: 10|The scaling factor the app should use to change the size of the projecting view.|

### DriverDistractionCapability
|Name|Type|Mandatory|Additional|Description|
|:---|:---|:--------|:---------|:----------|
|menuLength|Integer|false||The number of items allowed in a Choice Set or Command menu while the driver is distracted|

> |subMenuDepth|Boolean|Integer||The depth of submenus allowed when the driver is distracted. e.g. 3 == top level menu -> submenu -> submenu; 1 == top level menu only|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|subMenuDepth|Integer|false|minvalue: 1|The depth of submenus allowed when the driver is distracted. e.g. 3 == top level menu -> submenu -> submenu; 1 == top level menu only|
```
